Add thread model diagram (#191)
confidential-containers/confidential-containers: trust_model.md

- Consider existing Cloud Native technologies and the role they can play for confidential containers.
- Consider additional technologies to fulfil a role in Cloud Native exploitation of TEEs.

## Illustration

The following diagram shows which components in a Confidential Containers setup
are part of the TEE (outlined in a green box). The hardware and guest work in
tandem to establish a TEE for the guest, which provides the isolation and
integrity protection for data in use.

![Threat model](./images/coco-threat-model.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Not depicted: Process-based isolation from the enclave-cc runtime class. That isolation model further removes the guest operating system from the trust boundary. See the enclave-cc sub-project for more details:
https://github.com/confidential-containers/enclave-cc/

```

> Note that threats could include:

Reviewer: word choice, what are listed are more components than threats
```suggestion
Untrusted components include:
```

> 1. The host operating system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The host operating system, including its hypervisor, KVM
```

> 2. The cloud provider (which controls the host operating system)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Other Cloud Provider host software beyond the host OS and hypervisor
```

> 3. Other virtual machines (and their processes) co-located in the same cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Other virtual machines (and their processes) resident on the same host
```
